W-23277369 cb 1.5 (#14)
mulesoft/docs-connector-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/telemetry.adoc

= Telemetry in Connector Builder

> Connector Builder can send a small amount of usage telemetry that helps improve the product. Telemetry helps Salesforce understand which features are most useful and where to invest. It's limited to product-usage signals and doesn't collect the content you work on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connector Builder can send a small amount of usage telemetry that helps Salesforce understand which features are most useful and where to invest. It's limited to product-usage signals and doesn't collect the content you work on.
```

> Telemetry runs in the background and never affects your work. If telemetry can't be collected or sent for any reason, Connector Builder skips it and continues normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telemetry runs in the background and never affects your work. If Connector Builder can't collect or send telemetry for any reason, Connector Builder skips it and continues normally.
```
